chore(#8350): move TESTING.md and AUTOMATE_TEST_GUIDE.md to cht-docs (#9270)
medic/cht-core: TESTING.md

# Testing (DEPRECATED)

> This content has been moved to [our docs site](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/contribute/code/core/automated-tests/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This content has been moved to [the CHT docs site](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/contribute/code/core/automated-tests/).
```

> If needed you can reference the [last version of this document](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/3f7f6d6e39ff030c94e99a81103595685ca48948/TESTING.md) before it was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, you can reference the [last version of this document](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/3f7f6d6e39ff030c94e99a81103595685ca48948/TESTING.md) before it was removed.
```
